Almost there.
We'll keep moving, so we got the image.
The next thing is to start
making the container for
the content that's gonna go to
the right of the image here.
So if we go back and look at our design
I'm talking about this content here, so
we got the subtitle,
the title and the description.
We're gonna make the container for
that and
then we'll put the props in
there to actually fill it out.
So, let's do that.
So underneath this box and this image,
we'll add another box still inside
the flex cuz we got two children
inside this flex image on the left,
content on the right, so
we'll make another box here.
We're gonna add some padding to this,
which will be like 20 pixels, probably.
And then we want to
adjust the line heights.
I found that if we don't adjust the line
height, the title, the subtitle and
description are just too
far from each other.
For some reason the font that trucker's
using, they just look too far to me.
So I adjusted the line height
to compensate for that, but
you can make that decision yourself.
I just felt like it was too far and there
was no padding and no margin between them,
It was just so far from each other.
I think it's the font.
I don't know what font they're using.
So we're gonna adjust
the line height there,
make it tighter cuz it's by default
that goes more than 40 pixels.
And then we're gonna
use a text thing here.
The text component, literally,
just abstracts away from having to
ever use h1 through h6 or a p tag or span
tag, it just abstracts that away from you.
And you just use the text.
I think you can do, as,
it inserts itself whatever you want,
any type of texting and it'll be that.
But I think by default it just
uses paragraph for everything.
The one was positive, that's what it uses.
I haven't checked,
we can confirm after I add it.
So for font size,
this will be the subtitle.
I'm gonna make that SM, small.
You can see here all the values,
all the way up to extra, extra small.
I didn't know that was a thing.
And then we want this to be bold.
So we're gonna make font weight, bold and
then casing,
we'll just transform this to uppercase.
And inside of here will be the subtitle.
So I made it small, bold and uppercase
because if you go look at the design,
it's what it is.
It's super small.
It does look bold and
is totally uppercase.
So, that's why I did that.
So we got our subtitle.
The next thing is going
to be the actual title.
So we'll do another text
right underneath it.
They stack by default.
So like I said,
I think their paragraphs not like spintax.
This will have a font size of six,
XL I think works.
You can play around
with that number title.
So we got our title here and then we
got one more text and that'll be for
the description, the font sizes for
the same font size of the subtitle so
it'll be small.
Although this one is not bold, it's
the opposite of bold, it's actually light.
So I'm gonna say, font weights.
100, which is the lightest value,
you can give a font,
other than making it disappear.
And we'll put description.
So we got our subtitle,
our title and description.
So if you wanna see what this looks like,
we can add some here.
So add a subtitle here,
I'll call it profile.
I'll add a title here,
I'll put my name and
I'll add a description here.
And what is the design say?
Says 15 public playlists,
I'll add that 15 public playlist.
So we'll render that and
we'll see what this looks like.
And yeah, pretty close.
the obvious thing is that it's not white,
it's in gray.
So we got to change the color
of the text to be whites and
then we can kind of see what
it looks like from there.
So let's go back to our gradient
layout and I think a good
place to put it will probably just
be in this second box for now.
So we can just say color, white.
We'll move it higher, if this whole page
is gonna have white text, we can do that.
Maybe, I just don't know,
don't wanna do that, but there we go.
Got our profile, got our title,
got our description.
It's like the profile is
kinda big compared to this.
I feel like on the design,
this is way bigger than a profile.
So, I don't maybe make the profile or
the subtitle even smaller.
There was like a value was there,
xx small.
Let's see, extra small.
Lets see if that looks like,
yeah, that's a little better, but
this one also has to be extra small too,
they're the same
Okay, but now I don't wanna make that
light, cuz now you can barely read it.
Okay, that's a lot better So
we're getting there,
got our header, got our gradients,
got our content here on the right.
And got our image, we'll put a real
image in there in a minute when we load
the profile and do all the database stuff.
But I guess if you want to see
what it looks with the image,
you can go to the design notes.
I have this one here, or
you can put any image you want.
So you can actually just click view,
original, you can copy
that URL right there.
Just copy that URL, or you can go
back to the Index, add an image and
then put that URL in there.
And then we'll see.
Yeah, there you go.
And then for the profile,
I believe it should be round.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
make that round on the profile here.
So, round image is actually true.
And there you go.
So I'm going to stop here, commit and
push this up before we continue on with
the homepage, cuz I feel like we did a lot
of UI stuff here, lot of prop stuff.